# hottest-potato
Better than a suppository. 
To whom it may concern:

        Today (08/06/2021) at approximately 2:50 PM, I was driving down Homosassa Trail coming from Hwy 19 when one of your drivers started pulling out from a side street onto Homosassa Trail as I was about to pass said side street. If I had not sped up, he would have hit the side of my car, because he was not stopping. After I passed him, I honked my horn and he accelerated enough to get extremely close to my bumper and held his horn down for a very long period of time. With him acting the way he was, I slowed down to around 17 mph (the road was very curvy and heavy traffic anyway) and he continued to stay very close behind me, laying on the horn continuously until it was time for me to turn onto my street. Still, your driver and his shirtless passenger were yelling and honking at me, and they proceeded to pull over on the side of Homosassa Trail. They came back around from another street in my neighborhood, and I know they were looking for me because they saw me backing into my driveway and they both got out of the truck and started walking towards my property while yelling and cussing. I guess they came to their senses because they just went back to their truck all pissed off. Maybe they heard me tell my girlfriend to let the dogs out of the house. Regardless, I have recorded proof of most of this incident on front and rear dash camera footage and I will be reporting those two assholes, and your company, to the Sheriff's Office.
